Search Attributes in PHP [updates 1671] (#1672)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/php/how-to-add-custom-search-attributes-to-workflow-executions-at-start-time-in-php.md

---
id: how-to-add-custom-search-attributes-to-workflow-executions-at-start-time-in-php
title: How to set Custom Search Attributes to a Workflow Execution in PHP
sidebar_label: Custom Search Attributes
---

> Use `WorkflowOptions::withSearchAttributes()` method to provide Search Attributes when your start a Workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `WorkflowOptions::withSearchAttributes()` method to provide Search Attributes when you start a Workflow.
```
Alternatively, drop both "the" and "method".
